Docs and Requests for Create Binding (#1186)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/02-10-broker-endpoints.md

Besides OSB API endpoints, KEB exposes the REST `/info/runtimes` endpoint that provides information about all created Runtimes, both succeeded and failed. This endpoint is secured with the OAuth2 authorization.

> For more details on KEB APIs, see [this file](../../files/swagger/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on KEB APIs, see the [`swagger`](../../resources/keb/files/swagger.yaml) file.
```

Reviewer: It's been agreed to point to the YAML file here.
